coins but it was fucking awesome um
let's see
I don't know only thing I can remember
from when I was younger is my friend
trading or didn't trade me but he gave
me my first Zelda game one Christmas I
was like I don't know I was like it's 10
maybe or something like that I was
really young but I can't I think it was
uh it was the it was a Zelda game for
the Gameboy advanced I think I don't
remember I really don't even remember
3147 nuggets boom oh god I'm gonna miss
the stone edge just can I landed it and
everybody's going ham with coins or not
Jesus yeah and nuggets people always
like to keep up their count well are we
training all night yes we are the more
nuggets and the more afro coins you have
means that you watched a lot of stream
time essentially you officially been
live for over six hours now by the way
guys oh my god finally finally yes yes
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes oh
my god finally the drought is over the
drought is over ah John is over oh my
god finally holy shit oh my lord
fucking drought is finally over yes
shiny Tyron new favorite Pokemon holy
shit 65 that's not even bad at all oh my
lord yes yes also if you guys are
watching on YouTube we are doing this
over on TV slash hi I'm twit links will
be down in the description as well come
join the shenanigans
you guys was saying as you guys heard me
say right before the stream or right
before I got the shiny I noticed the
shiny uh we did just break six hours we
assuring for a good old long time over
here on the tone the stream if you guys
are enjoying or if you guys enjoyed
these Chinese please be sure to smash
that like button down below and come
check us out
but the thing now is we gotta catch this
thing we got I'm gonna try to catch this
thing in premiere ball to be honest
because this is a premiere as Pokemon
man I have eleven premiere balls I have
eleven premiere balls we got to catch
this thing right now
I think capture know it was like I was
like I know if that was a Creek after or
not I can hear and know oh yes rough
skin oh fuck okay you know what it's
fine it's fine this is actually a decent
one too because this thing is level 38
it's funny because we can actually do
this was actually high enough level that
we might be able to use it to chain
other stuff oh this is nice oh this is
nice this is nice oh my god we finally
caught it do the drought is finally over
oh my god and we caught it on the second
try in the premiere ball oh yes just
butter or booter just booter just butter
I don't know alright so we gotta choose
a nickname for this Thai rogue oh my god
we got you choose a nickname for the
Thai rogue man oh my goodness I'm so
happy I'm so happy finally dude finally
finally finally finally finally finally
finally oh my god okay okay so we got
choose a nickname you guys put nicknames
in the chat 31 Co I know we're gonna
name this gangsta train the Tyrone tie
rope gangsta train the tyroon law
actually do I might just go I might just
go a gangsta train I might go a gangsta
train dude mr. Satan off DBZ oh my god
dude holy shit well he's naming it try
to put okay if you're watching from
YouTube put your guests for the nature
in the comment section but if you're
watching on either channel put your
guests for the nature I think we're
gonna name it I think we're gonna name
it gangsta train we're gonna name it
gangsta chairs name a game I like that I
like that gangsta train are
so we got gangsta train the male tie
rope you guys put your predictions of
what you think the nature of this
Pokemon is gonna be in the chat below of
course also in the hello I can't type
gangsta there we go
also in the YouTube comments as well do
the same all right so we got gangsta
train the shiny Tyra Yellin gangsta
train look gangsta train takes up the
entire bar let's see G ing sta tre okay
mixture sir alright alright gangsta
train the tie rug man yo we got an ad on
my lord if we got an adamant tie robe
that'd be so powerful that would be so
powerful the dog is I'm so happy the
drought is over I'm fuckin drought is
over dude that's all I care about dude
oh my lord that's look I'm just like I'm
just I'm a happiness of doing wheelies
nigga doing wheelies alright let me let
me grab this some ego flutes fly over to
the I'm never gonna use it yawn for the
takes too damn long oh my god I'm so
excited
oh you guys are understand I can't wait
I cannot wait to see that the nature
this I hope it's not like I was not some
fucking modest nature watch it be a
modest nature let go I would I wouldn't
mind a jolly and adamant even a bold
wouldn't be bought would it be bad cuz
if it was bold
I can't evolving into a Hitmonchan I
mean I hit my top that'd be pretty
powerful all right guys here we go we're
gonna go check the PC right now right
now please give me an adamant please
give me an adamant or a jolly adamant
where a jolly please a dammit where a
jolly please where's even at it should
be right here okay here it is okay here
it is here it is ready guys all ready
guys are you guys all ready here we go
here we go here we go it is a it is a
mild a mild nature limit I believe mild
is mild and neutral nature that sucks is
they're really special to have right
that's been helping hand fake out in
foresight oh my god I'm gonna check I'm
just gonna look it up right now hold on
I know I know I know but it's easier for
me to do it right here cuz I can read it
uh Maude is well plus special attack and
- defense that sucks
Wow no it's a mild tie road that a
modest mild oh my goodness well that's
that we doesn't matter you know I don't
even care because the drought is finally
over if you guys did not known you're
still watching from the YouTube channel
we had a chain of 884 for a shiny mining
and did not get it you guys saw me break
the chain before there's a video about
that which also be linked in the
description and annotation on the screen
as well but if you guys enjoy it
come check us out man come check us out
you too calm not YouTube twitch TV slash
hi I'm twit come follow come watch the
stream come on yo afro coins come come
subscribe come be a part of the man we
have a good day of time out here so you
guys enjoy and we will see you there